In a peak city a man named Vivin has a latthe works near tirunelveli junction. He is a good at his work and he is a honest man. One day a poor man came to his shop and asked for a job. Vivin gave him a job and paid him well.
and for years he and his assistant do the latthe jobs., due to soo many orders ,he order him to work morning and he work at night., so the office work 24 hours a day,
and after his work he enjoys the time with his family , he had a son and his wife and him brought up  their child like a kings child, 
he's well knowned by his environment , and during his late 40's he observed a boy who works smart and hard in his feild and some how he connected with the boys attitude ,
days passed they met at a tea shop regularly at midnight , coz they both love to do works in night , vivin pays for his coffee regularly , and during the coffee they both yap about businesses, geo politics and 
Quality of life , and on a fine tuesday while he doing the work he somehow felt uneasy and suddenly he went to another world in a snap, like in a snap, like find himslef in a beach with a kid and he is confused , while he is in confuse he returned to his earth again,
and he started to think that experience all day long, and that fades in a week , and he is afraid of sharign those experience , coz of judgement , he fears whether he losing his mind and he started to avoid deep sleep and he started doze off only for 4 hours a day, 
and again a tuesday arrives and he went to work asusual at night , and while doing his deep work he saw a strange coin size portal appeared infront of him , while he is curious he touched it he again went to confused state , coz now he is landed on teh same beach , now with a teen, the teen boy and him deonst have the barrier of first time meet ,
he is confused and talked to him, hey how long did you stayed here ? the boy replied, i was there with you long long before, and i searched you for years, and tadaaa finally your here again, how do we go to my place again ? he said your place ??? what is your place and how it should be, and he asked the boy why your palm and finger has no prints ?? the boy replied , ehh ?? see your hand !
and Vivin looked at his hand and felt strange, he has no prints too, and they both started to walk towards the  end of the beach, and somehow they found a bar, and the bar is wiered , where every one arrived at a special place and their favourite  drink served to them ,without saying a word ! and vivin wish to try that , for his wonder , the bartender served Appy fizz in a beer glass, vivin stunned ! the boy laughted and said ,i thought your fav drink changed !
and he asked the time to the boy ! the teen asked, what did you said ?? he stated again, what is the time now ? he said ! New word !! and realized there is no sun rise or yet ! got it ! no time here , and he leaved the boy and went to explore the world , and he found his dream car in a cafe , and touched with love, a man from inside the cafe saw him, and approached him, said lets go for a ride ! vivin is at his peak happiness,  
and he and the man from teh cafe drove for a while , and the man started to tell him about the place , and they had a feel good convo, and after a long long long while in that world .,now he is very old , and he accidently slipped and  fell down, and when he opened his eyes he returned to his real world , he has no words to express his happiness, stareted to jump like a kid and rushed to home , saw the lil baby while turning his street , he waved like everyday he arrived at morning, 
and dogs just wagging their tails and ran towards him to get the buiscut when he feed the streets daily, he ignored the dogs in the happiness to met his son and wife, so he approached through back gate , and went to hall, to his surprise he found his lookalike sleeping in a freezer box ! 
Red eye full of tears with loads of confusion and try to communicate with his son and wife, they are screaming and mourning with relatives , and went to see the dog wagged tail for him, and saw the kid, boy , man from the other world, in his fortigo talking to each other , vivin wondered and realized they are him in diffrent stages, the realization echoing " i thought you changed your fav drink -- the boy is also holding the fizz in his hand" , the man with his fav car, 
when he heard the news , he died of heart attack ! and he had mild attack on last tuesday, had a strong attack on this tuesday !